PRESSOBJECTS OVERVIEW
=====================

To construct applications with PressObjects, it is important to have a basic 
understanding of the concepts of the framework.

Business Objects
----------------

All the information of interest to a final application, such as invoice items, 
customer data, or configuration options is stored in business objects. These 
objects can, optionally, be persisted (saved) in a database, so that they can 
be retrieved in the future.

The business objects possess attributes that hold the actual information. Some 
of these attributes can point to other related business objects, and these are 
known as Proxies. The collection of business objects, attributes, Proxies and 
any other related classes is called the Subject.

A special type of business object, the Query, is used to retrieve a set of 
business objects persisted in the database.

See 'BusinessClasses.txt' for more information.

Business Object Presentation
----------------------------

Presentation of the application's business objects are done through a 
presentation framework. PressObjects implements a MVP (Model-View-Presenter) 
framework for this task.

The MVP framework is composed of five sets of classes known as Model, View, 
Presenter, Command and Interactor.

A Model is responsible for holding a business object and a list of its 
applicable Commands.

A View is responsible for referencing a visual component such as a Form, an 
Edit, a Label, etc. A View is used whenever the framework needs to read 
information from, or send information to a visual component.

A Presenter is responsible for binding a Model and a View and mediating the 
communication between them with the aid of Interactors.

Commands are tasks assigned to menu items in main menus, "clickable" controls, 
or in the Model, presented as context menu items.

Interactors are auxiliary classes that make the Presenter simpler and 
customizable.

See 'MVP.txt' for more information.

Creating an Application
-----------------------

A summary of the steps needed to create an application using PressObjects can
be found in 'CreatingApplication.txt'.
